[Music]
hi there I'm Jimmy I'm the host of the
oh sorry
and to make a ketchup run we are now a
month and a half into quarantine and
I've noticed and maybe you've noticed
there are a few phrases I've been
hearing a lot maybe even too much and
the first one is how you holding up I
don't know like like this I I'm not the
better question would be are you
gradually falling apart
another one is stay healthy everyone
says stay healthy it's nice it's a nice
thought but what happens if I don't then
do you say I told you to stay healthy
and this is the worst one the new normal
stop saying that this is not the new
normal the president wants us to gargle
Lysol we have to wear scuba masks to
Trader Joe's it might be new but there's
nothing normal about this here's
something I never thought anyone would
ever have to worry about TARTA bleah but
this thing with Trump and the swallow
your hand sanitizer comment is still
causing trouble so much so Trump's own
FDA is now asking big corporations to
change their ingredients an effort is
underway to make hand sanitizers taste
worse today the FDA asked manufacturers
to make sanitizers more bitter so that
children and adults won't drink it who
wouldn't even think to drink it you
would have to be very thirsty to wash
down a couple of Tide Pods with some
hand sanitizer but calls to poison
control about this have spiked
dramatically maybe people just need
something to do you know a lot of people
are out of work in every state the
governor of Kentucky guy named Andy
Beshear has been giving regular updates
to his constituents on television so on
Monday he addressed unemployment claims
in his state and some of the issues that
they've been facing related to those
claims now understand that unfortunately
it's going to take a little bit of time
and knees because a couple of bad apples
can make
this challenge that much more difficult
for instance we had somebody apply for
unemployment for tupac shakur here in
Kentucky
well of course Tupac is filing for
unemployment he hasn't put out an album
in years two things we learned this week
UFOs are real and Tupac is alive but
then the next day the governor after
getting some unexpected information went
back on TV to apologize now somebody an
apology tonight last night I spent a
little bit of time talking about
fraudulent claims holding us up and
mentioned an individual that have filed
in the name of Tupac Shakur I didn't
know and it's my fault
that we have a Kentuckian who goes by
Malik whose name is Tupac Shakur and he
is about to write one hell of a diss
track about me by the way I want to
shout out to the sign language
interpreter who knew how to sign I think
this is the sign for Tupac Shakur right
west coast meanwhile here in California
no doubt about it
our governor Gavin Newsom unveiled a
four-part plan to reopen the state we're
now in phase one which is stay home and
cry a lot but the plan is to gradually
get things up and running starting with
the most essential and lowest risk jobs
and then eventually getting to porn it's
important for our states to get it right
because if they don't we may be in for
another round of this doctor foul Qi
said that if states lift their stay at
home orders too soon we could be right
back in the same boat we were in a few
weeks ago and that boat by the way is a
diamond Princess cruise ship I think
maybe doctor foul Qi is just saying we
need to stay at home so Brad Pitt will
keep playing him for another six months
but meanwhile team Trump is declaring
victory the president's pretty little
son-in-law was on Fox and Friends this
morning he said the federal government
rose to the challenge and that this is a
great success story and irony is now as
dead as his eyes but that wasn't the
craziest thing he said watch this
carefully because I really want you to
look I find this to be fascinating well
I think what we've seen with the
pandemic that's approached there's been
a lot of unforeseen challenges that
we've worked hard through this is just
one of the many challenges the team was
on it President Trump was working on it
over the weekend with the Secretary of
Agriculture or the vice president chief
of staff meadows and he took strong
action yesterday to make sure that the
Americans will have all the food supply
that they need okay to get that to make
sure that the Americans will have all
the food supply that they need let's see
that again to make sure that the
Americans will have all the food supply
that they need the Americans will have
all the food supply vanie if we are they
what are you it I think we may have just
tap it upon proof that Jared is a robot
and here's more proof of that somehow
the Ivanka 3000 bot seemed to know in
advance that we would be goofing on him
and again the goal here is to get people
back to work the eternal lockdown crowd
can make jokes on late-night television
but the reality is is that the data is
on our side the data is what keeps me
alive I love the idea he's watching
late-night television to see if we make
jokes about him Jared in case you are
here's a few I think you'll like Jared
Kushner is so dead inside the president
calls him Melania Jared Kushner looks
like if white privilege had a baby with
raw cookie dough Jared Kushner looks
like a PEZ dispenser of young Sheldon
even Jared from Subway is like this
Jared gives me the creeps
what was I talking about yes the virus
the idea that Jared thinks things are
going great is nuts this virus has now
killed more Americans than the Vietnam
War and Donald Trump has the distinction
of not helping out with either one but
Trump for once was not the dope of the
day today that honor went to Mike Pence
who is usually such a good boy but he
had to defend himself because he opted
not to wear a mask to the Mayo Clinic
since I don't have the coronavirus I
thought it'd be a good opportunity for
me to be here and to be able to speak to
these researchers these incredible
health care personnel and look him in
the eye and and say thank you see he
didn't want to wear a mask because he
wanted to look them in the eye and say
thank you what kind of mask was he
planning or spider-man
it's a respiratory mat it's not supposed
to go over your eye
goes over your nose in your mouth of
course the real reason we know he didn't
wear a mask is because his boss won't
wear a mask and Mike Pence is nothing if
not deferential he's not allowed to take
credit for anything so everything he
does he never neglects to mention is at
the direction of the president at the
president's Direction this is one team
today at the president's direction we
hosted a conference call at the
president's direction we've been working
tirelessly there are dozens of examples
of that and they're even funnier if you
remove the letter D from direction today
at the president's direction today your
direction we also at your direction this
team has been at your erection mr.
president at this president's direction
the president's direction our
administration with the president's
erection at the president is rection at
the president's direction get the
president's direction at the president's
direction it is so big it is so so
enormous I think I need to get out of
the house